Pokemon Deck Creator
Made by: Evelyn Cocker(TESTER) and Liz Chandler(DEVELOPER)
    Purpose:
        This application is meant to be used as a tool to create a deck of 20 pokemon cards.
        Based on the user's input, the program will design a deck. In real life pokemon decks usually have one or two types.
        Sometimes there are duplicate cards in real life decks. The Pokemon deck creator does just this.
        Instead of spending extra time deciding what pokemon should go in your deck, this application does it for you.
        All you have to do is add energy cards and trainer cards. The time that you save using this application can instead
        be used to play more pokemon games with friends.
    Creation Process:
        1.) We found a csv file with an updated pokemon list that also contained stats for each pokemon.
        2.) Filtered through the data and made each pokemon along with their stats into sublists of a list.
        3.) Created a types list that can be presented to the user to pick from.
        4.) Functions were created to handle user error.
        5.) We created a list that would store the user input.
        6.) We then created an algorithm that would randomize pokemon from that list and pull out 20 to give to the user.
        7.) After that we created a section dedicated to getting the user their desired output. They are given the option
            to keep generating a new list till they are happy.
    Goals:
        1.) Create a application that can produce a deck of 20 cards
        2.) Tailor the deck of 20 cards to the users input
        3.) Allow the user to keep asking for a new deck
        4.) Allow the user to replace specific cards they don't like (We were not able to achieve this)
    How to use the application:
        1.) Make sure that the csv file is saved into a file called DATA. If you do not want to do this, just change
            line 3 of the main file to retreive the csv file from wherever you have it.
        2.) Launch the main file in your termanal and follow the application script.
        4.) The majority of your inputs will be yes or no answers. The application is designed to handle extra spaces
            and any other user error.
        5.) When your deck is created you can ask to regenerate a new deck as many times as you would like until you are
            satisfied.
  We hope you enjoy our application! 
